README.md, before:

# License #

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

@copyright 2022 coactum GmbH

# Margic #

## Description ##

This plugin allows users to make various entries and teachers to rate and annotate these entries.

This plugin is based on the official mod_diary Moodle plugin (v. 3.4.1) from AL Rachels (https://moodle.org/plugins/mod_diary) which itself is a fork of the mod_journal plugin (https://moodle.org/plugins/mod_journal). The original plugin code was widely rewritten in the making of this plugin.

The plugin also incorporates JavaScript Code from the Hypothesis project (https://github.com/hypothesis/client) which is released under the 2-Clause BSD License (https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause), sometimes referred to as the "Simplified BSD License".

It also uses JavaScript Code form the approx-string-match-js project (https://github.com/robertknight/approx-string-match-js) by Robert Knight wich is released under the MIT License (https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Quick installation instructions ##

### Install from git ###
- Navigate to Moodle root folder.
- **git clone https://github.com/coactum/moodle-mod_margic.git mod/margic**

### Install from a compressed file ###
- Extract the compressed file data.
- Rename the main folder to margic.
- Copy to the Moodle mod/ folder.
- Click the 'Notifications' link on the frontpage administration block.

## Dependencies ##
No dependencies.

Commit message:

feat(lang): updating language strings and readme

README.md, after:

# License #

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

@copyright 2022 coactum GmbH

This plugin is based on the official mod_diary Moodle plugin (v. 3.4.1) from AL Rachels (<https://moodle.org/plugins/mod_diary>) which itself is a fork of the mod_journal plugin (<https://moodle.org/plugins/mod_journal>). The original plugin code was widely rewritten in the making of this plugin.

The plugin also incorporates JavaScript Code from the Hypothesis project (<https://github.com/hypothesis/client>) which is released under the 2-Clause BSD License (<https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause>), sometimes referred to as the "Simplified BSD License".

It also uses JavaScript Code form the approx-string-match-js project (<https://github.com/robertknight/approx-string-match-js>) by Robert Knight wich is released under the MIT License (<https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>).

# Margic #

## Description ##

In the Margic activity, participants can create unlimited entries which can then be evaluated and annotated by teachers.

Margics can be used in a meaningful way in language lessons, for example. Students can create entries to answer variable tasks, write their own texts and stories, or practice vocabulary.

Teachers can then view, correct and evaluate these entries on a customizable overview page. For this purpose, they can mark specific text passages and write annotations for them, whereby an error type and a short text can be stored for each annotation. The entire entry can also be graded and provided with textual or acoustic feedback. Participants then have the opportunity to revise their original entry and use the feedback received to improve it.

The available error types for the annotations can be flexibly adjusted. In an error summary, instructors can also evaluate for each participant how many and which errors they made in a Margic. Finally, it is also possible to export the written entries for further use.

Core features of the plugin:

- Write and revise multimedia entries.
- Individually customizable overview page with all (own) entries available in Margic
- Extensive possibilities for annotation and evaluation of entries for teachers
- Customizable error types and accurate error evaluation

## Quick installation instructions ##

### Install from git ###
- Navigate to Moodle root folder.
- **git clone https://github.com/coactum/moodle-mod_margic.git mod/margic**

### Install from a compressed file ###
- Extract the compressed file data.
- Rename the main folder to margic.
- Copy to the Moodle mod/ folder.
- Click the 'Notifications' link on the frontpage administration block.

## Dependencies ##
No dependencies.
